Hi, guys.
WALKER In this lecture, we're going to have an additional field, which is going to be the phone number.
Okay.
Now, to do this, you're going to need to first go to the hearts controller.
That is the controllers for the.
Okay.
And now we can just control and be okay.
Now over here.
After this email address, we can say we want the phone number.
Please note the holder is very compulsory.
You're out of this.
Okay.
Over here.
We can also check we did this right after the image.
Right.
Okay.
So this is going to be phone number.
Phone number.
Number.
Dart is not.
And see.
Okay.
Because as I just have that hand over.
Now, definitely, we're going to have some errors over the.
The sign up screen.
Okay?
Yeah.
We do.
Okay.
On this.
And then open it now.
Okay.
The first two ways, we can just go ahead and create the phone number controller.
Remember, what it's going to do is not give us access to the valued users for the time being.
Okay.
So it's going to be test and it's in controller or this call for number.
Number.
Controller.
It's required to test and detain.
Test it.
It's in the controller.
Okay.
Great.
Now over here.
Okay we're going to do this right after the immune system and the underscore for.
Phone number, controller and value dot test.
Okay.
Not investing is to create that field.
So what we can just do right after the email, we can just copy this and this and that as well.
Give space for it.
Okay.
Confidence and youth culture and see.
And is this over?
That is going to be entire.
Phone number.
Make sure you get rid of this as well, because if you don't, the email field value is going to be
attached to this.
Okay.
So this is maybe on a score.
For.
Number control.
Okay.
Now, one would say it is we need to store the data to defer these data bills.
Right.
So we're going to go back to the auto controller and scroll down over here.
You can then see foreign.
Number.
They'll be caught too often.
Number added to the cover.
And just after we started this.
Give.
Make sure you are too stuck.
Make sure you do it.
We start.
Okay.
And sign up.
Right.
Okay.
Sign up here.
We can just pick this guy.
Pick this guy and.
For the record for the player, I can say.
Mark.
Seven, G.M..
That call and mark.
737.
Got to email it's call for the email mark seven might seem real that's calm for the phone number.
Or you can just do okay for you now can just go like this.
We can either change the type.
Okay.
So the password is what it is.
Now click on register because as I just pull out this, you know, that's a no.
Yes.
Creating it.
Okay.
This it over.
Okay, great.
Now, this is a number.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is it's in the password.
The email is max seven.
Okay.
First of all, whatever the need to do is to go back to the sign up screen and.
Over here, we can say keyboard.
Keyboard.
So he.
Keyboard type, occasionally chests imputes type thoughts, we add the number.
The number is going to be if you choose the number as a number, you can select between number and text
by vessel.
To go it forwards is just going to be a phone imputes, but then you're going to see, okay.
Okay, great.
Now, the Knesset to do so this way is to fetch on the street.
Ed Right.
So I'm going to go back to the ice cream.
We'll fly a screen over it and.
As well.
Strange.
When the score for number.
Number.
Okay.
Then.
Well, I wanted to say on the score phone number.
Is the to user data that gets.
Okay.
There's going to be words.
Phone number.
Okay.
So we can just do.
Make sure you don't have that.
That's on this score as you're going to get it passed, etc., because that's not what you have in your
database.
Okay.
Now what we start is one more time I think we automatically go.
It's going to is going to take us to the log in.
It's going to take us to the home screen because of that, because of what we have in the media.
That's right.
Since we currently have data now.
Okay.
Why you?
She took us.
Okay, great.
It's what I plan.
Okay.
We need to display that number.
I think we had that image to this.
Well, for some reasons we are not saying that.
Okay.
Record.
It's okay.
Okay.
We're going to go back to the proviso.
For five.
And then we need to displace.
Okay.
So this.
This.
This say this on the score for.
Number.
Okay.
Great.
Sounds good.
You can as well have some more.
This should not feel as if you want to.
If you just want to add, you can just re copy.
We copy and paste this and rename it to whatever you want to hide and change the number.
So probably five.
Okay.
So you can just have as many as you want something like this and rename these to five and so.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys.
See in SEC.